SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of October 1, 2026, by and between Apex Tech Solutions ("Service Provider") and Horizon Enterprises ("Client").

1. SERVICES PROVIDED
Service Provider agrees to provide web development and maintenance services as described in Exhibit A (the "Services").

2. TERM AND DURATION
This Agreement shall commence on the date first written above and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) months. This Agreement will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days before the end of the current term.

3. COMPENSATION
Client shall pay Service Provider a monthly fee of $5,000 for the Services. Payments are due within 15 days of receiving an invoice. If payment is late, a penalty of 5% of the outstanding balance will be applied.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY
Both parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of any proprietary information shared during the course of this Agreement for a period of three (3) years after termination.

5. TERMINATION
Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause by providing sixty (60) days prior written notice. If a party materially breaches this Agreement, the non-breaching party may terminate immediately if the breach is not cured within ten (10) days of notice.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Service Provider's total liability exceed the total amount paid by Client under this Agreement during the six (6) months preceding the claim.

7. INDEMNIFICATION
Client agrees to indemnify and hold Service Provider harmless from any claims arising from Client's use of the Services, except in cases of gross negligence.

8. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Any disputes arising out of this Agreement shall be resolved through binding arbitration in San Francisco, California.

9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All intellectual property created during the provision of Services shall belong exclusively to Client upon full payment of all fees.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement.
